PR for Portal RI DevOps removal (USER STORY 25574) (#1310)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Deploying-ALZ-Platform-DevOps.md

## Azure landing zone portal deployment for Platform DevOps and Automation

### Important Notice:

> As of May 2023, the Azure Portal experience (accelerator) of the ALZ Reference Implementation (RI), will not include the "Platform DevOps and automation" section anymore, since the respective (optional) part of the Portal accelerator is being discontinued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of May 2023, the Azure Portal experience (accelerator) of the ALZ Reference Implementation (RI), will not include the "Platform DevOps and automation" section anymore.
```

> Consequently, users interested in Platform DevOps and Automation, are encouraged to use either the respective ALZ Bicep Modules (https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep), or the ALZ Terrarofm Module (https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-caf-enterprise-scale).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, users interested in Platform DevOps and Automation, are encouraged to use either the respective ALZ Bicep Modules (https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep), or the ALZ Terraform Module (https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-caf-enterprise-scale).

> [AzOps](https://github.com/Azure/AzOps) can still be used, if desired, but please see the [AzOps](https://github.com/Azure/AzOps) repo for setup and configuration instructions as well as any support requirements via the repos issues.
```
